How is the work for?
if you catch alessandro and fábio santos who
before playing most of the time as
wings 16 times before previously the kumo
down and that the teams
coaches do that thing in the
Brazil to release the sides here and
three leaflets
and there marco trio of socks that now with 4
2 3 1 measures 3 steering wheel a same trinity
and releases the two sides to hit with
the two sides how is it like the
work to educate one Alessandro
Holy Fathers
And how is it a job to get 12 games?
that one year
Corinthians played Jorge like that.
henrique dentinho lining up with elias and
and it's elias and cristian and douglas here in e
Here's how I can get it.
this guy who had not scored or was not
steering wheel shadow
How's this guy working?
for him to do everything he does today
that if we are to enumerate here all
douglas's functions with and without the ball
besides being the articulator is a player
of expression of creation of
drive to do the table here
with this guy to make the table with
here's how it's like a job
first side after double
alessandro fábio santos the players
very intelligent
I say so speed sometimes
it is the execution but she is a
part of the cognitive intelligence of the
athlete
it is the anticipation of the
pursuit of the bid and characteristics
techniques
They are both very good
I spoke today the term constructor to the people
is looking pretty old there is part
tactical and technical terms and
increasing depth showing a
other side are our builders.
culture is qualified as the output of
first transition she is d alessandro is
from fbio santos
And she is from paulinho a second
danilo douglas is the transition
Jorge with speed if I am she is
from danilo on the side she was from alex to
have depth with br
the collector who was with Jorge eurico
martinez with romarinho band of new
field and gives the athletes functions
that they can exercise and that are of the
characteristics of them
then these first two players are
very smart with very drawers
Fábio Santos is the team that gives the
play as a midfielder
alessandro comes from the field of
good quality pass that has the
first features of good dowel
they have
then work in the line of four and
that they are always
closing the round doha of the course or doing
a confrontation
I'm going to have difficulties I asked to appear
do in that movement that the Moorish
easy or what ooo male judge rock
athletic mark rogers came easy
are equal positions but functions
different and people can not
compare landmarks rock with alexandre
do not do this for the thing and see if they are
with shirt using side 2 shirt
equal is not
are equal positions with functions
different and twice the douglas he he
It's a big challenge, I put two in the
pride that he has to foster each
I mentioned the pitch again
have to increase the intensity of
trainings and 90 with the intensity
no this is not going to go together will not go
to get the letter automates everything with
sure he was
there is much to be in the stadium is carlos
released up to the number of
landmarks but it was a short space recomposes
to be a game with the Flemish there a
stolen that he downloaded to himself
we have a goal against the nautical
paulinho pressed and a son and the
warrior warrior good then he
Training was dengue is your best
condition and I will say one more thing to
Our team does not accept the group to
team an athlete who, although not
be competitive
the team itself it brings it to you
was to implement a form such that 900
everyone plays yes but everyone but everyone goes
have the possibility of appearing at one
now another yes but no contribution points
There's that I'm going to let everyone have a
participation of diogo goals in ball to
team she filters and she and she hugs
who has this kind of thinking for
team
douglas brought